[SDTEST-2873] Update Flaky Tests Management docs with new Fix in Progress feature (#33333)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/flaky_management/_index.md

## Confirm fixes for flaky tests

When you fix a flaky test, Test Optimization's remediation flow can confirm the fix by retrying the test multiple times. To enable the remediation flow:

1. For the test you are fixing, click **Link commit to Flaky Test fix** in the Flaky Test Management UI.
1. Copy the unique flaky test key that is displayed (for example, `DD_ABC123`).
1. Include the test key in your Git commit title or message for the fix (for example, `git commit -m "DD_ABC123"`).
1. When Datadog detects the test key in your commit, it automatically triggers the remediation flow for that test:
    - Retries any tests you're attempting to fix 20 times.
    - Runs tests even if they are marked as `Disabled`.
    - If all retries pass, marks the fix as **in progress**, associates the branch used for the fix, and waits for that branch to be merged.
    - If any retry fails, keeps the test's current status (`Active`, `Quarantined`, or `Disabled`).

### Track fixes that are in progress

> After a successful remediation run, Flaky Test Management tracks the branch containing the fix and shows a **Fix in progress** indicator until the fix lands in the repository's default branch. When the associated pull request merges into the default branch, the test automatically moves to `Fixed` and the indicator is removed. If the fix is pushed directly to the default branch, the test is marked `Fixed` immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a successful remediation run, Flaky Test Management tracks the branch containing the fix and displays a **Fix in progress** indicator until the fix reaches the repository's default branch. When the associated pull request merges, the test automatically moves to `Fixed` and the indicator is removed. If the fix is pushed directly to the default branch, the test is marked `Fixed` immediately.
```
